It's you again, Li Tetro
Remove the monitoring yes
I didn't do it this time.
You thought you became CEO
I'm afraid there are people who can cure you
Song Nian Yi, you dead star
Own mistake
Why should the group help you bear the responsibility?
This 15 billion up to you alone
The project handover is less than half an hour away
Are you going to lose money or go to the bureau?
I know your syndicate only has 10 billion but
You look much better than the president's wife next to you
If you promise to be my lover
In addition 5 billion I can consider a few more days of life
Stay away from me
Hahaha
I also like your spicy one.
Wait until bed
Also reject your temper
Stinky bitch toasts don't eat and drink
If you don't get this 15 billion today
You don't even want to leave this room for me
Did anyone find it? The surveillance only captured the Wang family last night.
The surveillance at the back has all been artificially destroyed. What?
With his ability
It's impossible to destroy the USB stick and the monitor at the same time
There must be someone else behind this game
Native this kid did a good job
This time I might have won
It's not me who messed with this bitch
I never admitted it.
Song Nianyi's identity as CEO
These things happen
It should also be borne by him alone
Nothing to do with Nangong Group
No one wants to leave here today
Stop
I see who dares to touch my people in my territory